Once you have selected your campaign time the next step is start to target your audience by location
and language.
Now these are just two of the five ways that you can target your ads on words.
You've got locations languages time of day device targeting some mobile tablet et cetera and keywords
and all of those are coming up.
But in this video we're really going to focus on locations and languages.
And what I would really recommend that you do is you open up any available data that you have to improve
the accuracy of your targeting here for a location in languages.
And there's two places where you could really get a lot of information if you have it set up.
One is Google Analytics.
So if you come then into the audience reports you'll see that there are two reports here.
Language and location.
So I can see what are the countries where I get most of my web site visitors from.
And even if I break that down I can see the individual cities.
So starting at in your campaign you might not want to target too to the entire country which it probably
will be by default to really reduce your costs for your first campaign and to get much better results.
You can really narrow this down to maybe you were top city.
So for example I can just say Dublin here and put this in as a city.
And if I put the scene you can see that comes up.
And there that's where it's targeted to just people in my city are going to see the ads underneath their
search results.
Now what you can also do if you are a say e-commerce company and maybe you don't ship to somewhere like
India.
You could include that as a country.
And you know I just wanted to do this to make sure that I'm excluding this.
So instead of targeting it I could be excluded there.
So you can see in the location section here that you can include at locations and get very specific
even then further in cities if you want and you can also exclude countries regions etc maybe for an
e-commerce company and you don't ship there where you don't offer services there.
So location targeting very important it will really narrow down your audience and you can really use
the information from Google Analytics to that.
You can also use the same information from your Facebook page if you've got set up you can come across
the inside section and the people report and you'll see similar the country and the city and that you
can either target specifically so you are targeting those people who are really interested in your product
for your first campaign you really want to focus in on the most engaged people and then as your campaign
starts to generate revenue and get a return on investment then you can broaden it out.
Now similarly with location you can also targeted to specific languages so you can see by default set
up in the language that I'm operating in and my country which is English and you can also look at Google
Analytics and the language report you can see English here and in the Facebook insights the language
is well and use that available data.
If you have it to really select the language.
Now if you do want to target different languages I would recommend you set them up as separate campaigns.
Right now we have set up one test campaign here am and we're just doing this for English.
Say if I was a company that wanted to target Spanish speakers in the U.S. as well then it's better to
set up a separate campaign so I can really set up a campaign to target those speakers and create keywords
etc. that would focus on them.
So if you do want to target multiple languages maybe it's better to set up two camps two separate campaigns.
So that is really the next step in setting up your outwards campaign.
Pop in the locations that you want to include or exclude and put in the main language that you want
to target.